#summary Installation instructions

= Installing Google Chart PHP Library =

== Installing from an archive ==

This is the simplest, and the recommended way for the majority of cases. However, if you want to try bleeding edge features or if you might want to try out [Installation#SVN_installation SVN installation]

  * Download the last stable version in the [http://code.google.com/p/googlechartphplib/downloads/list Downloads section].
  * Extract the archive
  * Copy the content of `lib` folder inside your project. For example, you can create a directory `googlechartlibphp` and copy all the files from the `lib` folder inside it.

=== Autoloading ===

The library is compatible with autoloading features provided by popular frameworks such à Symfony or Zend Framework, as it doesn't override the autoload function.

If you don't use autoloading, you'll have to manually `require` class files prior usage.

== Installing from SVN ==

You can use the `svn:externals` property to automatically fetch the last revision inside a directory of your project.

For example, if your include folder is `lib`, do:

{{{
$ svn pe svn:externals lib
}}}

Then specify a folder name, for example `googlechartphplib` and the URL of the repository. Read more about [http://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.0/ch07s03.html externals definitions in the SVN Book].

Note: On Windows, you can use the excellent client [http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads TortoiseSVN] to avoid using command line.

If you want to tie your project to a specific release, use a the URL of a branche. Example:

{{{
http://googlechartphplib.googlecode.com/svn/branches/0.4
}}}

You can also synchronize with the trunk with the URL:

{{{
http://googlechartphplib.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
}}}